{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18360\viewh14760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Part 1: Set up of RSM environment. \
	A:	Once per hardware setup.
\b0 \
 		> Setup of NIDaq environment (NIDAQ base 3.6)\
	\
		> Update 6501 firmware. \
\
		> Setup X-11 environment. (Download XQuartx 2.7.5.dmg if necessary). 
\i NB: More documentation is available on this from Justin\'92s site. I will try and bring it over as an appendix in a later draft. 
\i0  \
	\
		> Setup Xcode environment (Standard Apple download).\
			Download Xcode command line tools.\
\
	
\b B: 	Matlab configuration issues.
\b0 \
		> Pre-run matlab setup: Set your matlab path to include (with subdirectories) the RSM directory.\
\
	
\b C:	RSM configuration issues.\
		
\b0 > If necessary re-compile mex files. (See re-compiling appendix). 
\i NB: Appendix under construction.
\i0  
\b \

\b0 \
		> Construct monitor calibration.\
		Produces a 
\i monitor object
\i0  that describes all relevant monitor properties.\
		These are stored in \{RSM\}/RSM_Monitors\
\
		> Make sure that current RSM home directory and monitor description are set appropriately in 
\i Rig_Setup.m
\i0  file. This file lives in RSM_Utils.           \
 \
 
\b Once per reboot of computer
\b0 \
		>  Pre-run machine setup issues: From a terminal window run: "sudo mdutil -i off" (spotlight)\
\
\

\b Part 2: Setup RSM Session on Matlab:\
\

\b0 > Shut down all non-Matlab applications. 
\b \

\b0          \
> Start Matlab.\
\
> Set Matlab working directory to RSM directory.\
	(This can live anywhere, but for permissions reasons should live in home directory of whatever user runs stim program). 
\b \

\b0 \
\
Things are now ready to run 
\i RSM_Batch
\i0  from the command line to see the stimulus demos.}